---
title: Evolution 2017
---
<iframe src="https://widgets.figshare.com/articles/5125486/embed?show_title=1" width="568" height="351" frameborder="0"></iframe>

I'm headed to Evolution 2017, a joint meeting for the American Society of Naturalists (ASN), the Society for the Study of Evolution (SSE), and the Society of Systematic Biologists (SSB).

I'm eager to attend another Evolution meeting. I've only been to one previously, and I thoroughly enjoyed myself.  Compared to the Ecological Society of America (ESA) meetings I usually attend, Evolution covers much more basic (i.e., non-applied science), it's a smaller and therefore a more intimate setting, and there's still a good bit of ecology that is presented at the meeting.

My poster is embedded above.  The topic doesn't really have strong evolutionary implications, but I hope that attendees will still appreciate it.

The work is the project I am wrapping up my last year as a postdoc.  It's a new way of modeling mutualism that explicitly takes intraspecific density into account.  All previous models of mutualism assume that benefits received from a mutualist partner are independent of intraspecific density.  In other words, if there's 1 individual or the population is at or above its positive equilibrium (sometimes called its 'carrying capacity'), they will receive the same per-capita benefit.  It turns out that's now what's seen in the few studies that have looked at the role of intraspecific density and mutualistic benefit.

I'll post on its reception following the meeting.